skills


For adapt     



Heading = What is Adaptability?

Text one =
Adaptability means being able to adjust easily to new circumstances and environments.
 An adaptable person is one who keeps an open and positive mind, who is ready for 
 new challenges, who stays calm and composed in the face of difficulties, who 
 continues steadily despite problems or difficulties, who recovers quickly from setbacks, etc.

Text two = 


It’s important that you learn how to become more adaptable,
 as developing the quality will help you respond well to change,
  uncertainty and crisis. Below are some tips on how to be more adaptable.



BtnText = how to be more adaptable
HowBlock = (    


have an optimistic, farsighted attitude so as to be able to think ahead 
and stay positive while pushing through discomfort or rough patches

develop the ability to control your impulsive feelings and behaviors
avoid forming an opinion without enough thought or knowledge
be receptive to new ideas and concepts
approach tasks, problems, and situations with openness to alternatives
have a honest and balanced view of your own personality
show concern for the needs, wishes and feelings of others
have confidence in yourself and your own abilities







  ) 
References = (  


University of Kent: Adaptability
TrainingZone: Adaptability – a key skill we must develop in ourselves and in others


  )




  Alternation to detail 


Heading = What is attention to detail
Text one = 
Text two = 
BtnText = 
HowBlock = (      ) 

References = (    )


What is Attention to Detail?

Attention to detail is the act of being meticulous to perform a task reasonably well.
 Attention to detail involves concentrating and making a conscious effort to avoid error
  in the work you do so as to produce a thorough and accurate work.

Attention to detail can be learned, practiced, and mastered 
just like other skills such as communicating effectively and critical

How to Improve Your Attention to Detail = BtnText 

References and Further Reading
Performance Education Group: How Can You Develop Your Attention to Detail?
WikiHow: How to Improve Attention to Detail
Job Interview Tools: 5 Ways You Can Learn to Pay Attention to Detail


How block = (  




be patient, slow down a little bit to focus better
train your brain to focus by meditating, working on one task at a time, etc
plan tasks in advance and set routines to organize your life
before working, engage in positive activities that will help you free up your mind
live a healthy lifestyle, eat, exercise and sleep well daily
turn off distractions when working




)

For critical thinking 



What is Critical Thinking?


Critical thinking is the act of thinking clearly and rationally to make a sound judgment.
 It involves inquiring to gather relevant information on a subject and thinking through and
  evaluating the information gathered to make an informed decision or judgment.


It’s important that you learn how to think critically, as 
being able to do that will help you understand issues and situations better,


How to Think Critically = btnText

References and Further Reading
Essential Life Skills: How to Think Critically and Problem Solve
ROGER DARLINGTON: HOW TO THINK CRITICALLY
Philosophy.hku.hk: What is critical thinking?
criticalreading.com: What is critical thinking?



How block = (  




be skeptical, don’t just accept an information or issue to be true
be patient, avoid making quick decisions or judgments
be curious and inquiring, ask questions, get more information and look for evidence
be analytical and rational, breakdown the issue into parts, if possible and necessary, and identify the arguments and think through them
be open-minded and objective, view the arguments from multiple perspectives
be decisive, reach a logical conclusion and make your decision or judgment


)


Communication 


What is Effective Communication?


Effective communication is a communication in which the receiver clearly understands 
the message that the spender intended to send. Effective communication encompasses attentive listening, 
non-verbal communication, stress management and emotional awareness.


To be able to express yourself clearly and get a message across as 
intended will help you achieve success in life, work and relationships, 
as it will help other people understand your


How to communicate effectively = btnText

References and Further Reading
Helpguide.org: Effective Communication
WikiHow: How to Communicate Effectively
smallbiztrends.com: 20 Ways to Communicate Effectively With Your Team


Block text = (  


know when and where to start a discussion
understand what you want to communicate and the listener(s) or reader(s)
observe your listener(s) or audience carefully and be friendly and positive
maintain your confidence and stay calm and focused while talking or writing
express your ideas clearly and effectively
project your voice when speaking to a large audience
use facial expressions when speaking to convey emotions
use hand gestures carefully when speaking to avoid distracting your listener(s) or audience
make eye contact with your listener(s) or audience
listen to yourself while you speak to know what people hear
don’t interrupt people while they speak, listen and wait for them to finish
be open-minded, see things from other people’s point of view and be aware of their emotions


)


Listening 



What is Listening?

Listening is the act of focusing and paying attention on what is being said and understanding it.
 Listening is very important because it helps us connect to other people, understand what they’re saying to us, 
 avoid misunderstandings and mistakes, and improve teamwork and productivity.


How to Listen


References and Further Reading
SkillsYouNeed.com: Listening Skills
WSJ: How to Listen Better
WikiHow: How to Listen


HowBlock = (  



build your vocabulary
before the listening begins, drop any assumption that you already know what the speaker will say
remove any form of distraction and focus on what the speaker is saying
observe the speaker’s gestures, movements, and facial expression
make eye contact with the speaker, but not too much
pay attention to identify the speaker’s key points and ideas correctly
don’t think about your insecurities or needs when the speaker is talking
think without losing concentration to know how the speaker’s information relate to what you already know
ask questions at the appropriate time and seek clarification on points you fail to understand
ensure you maintain good posture while listening to the speaker
use positive facial expressions and gestures to react to what the speaker is saying like smiling or shaking your head
stay non judgmental while listening, be patient and don’t judge the speaker’s information until you have heard it all



)

Manage stress 




What is Stress Management?


Stress management is the act or process of reducing, preventing and coping with stress. 
Stress management involves identifying the causes of stress, planning and organizing your life 
and other practices to help deal with stress.


It’s important that you learn how to manage stress properly.
How to Manage Stress 

References and Further Reading
MedlinePlus: Learn to manage stress
WebMD: Stress Management
WebMD: 13 Tips to Manage Stress
Rehab 4 Alcoholism offers a free helpline and intervention service for people suffering from alcoholism and mental health problems


HowBlock = (  


know yourself and the sources of your stress
plan and manage your time wisely
have a positive attitude toward life
avoid scheduling too many activities for yourself
take a break from your stressors and do something else you love doing
have a social life
have people you can talk to about your problems
live a healthy lifestyle, eat, exercise and sleep well daily
practice relaxation techniques such as deep breathing, meditation, prayer or yoga


)

For manual dexterity 



What is Manual Dexterity?

Manual dexterity is the ability to use the hands to grasp, manipulate, 
or assemble objects. It includes good hard-eye coordination and fine motor skills.

Manual dexterity can be improved by performing activities that involve repetition, 
focus, hand-eye coordination and a steady hand, such as playing the piano, painting, drawing, or operating hand tools or equipment.

References and Further Reading
springer.com: Manual Dexterity
healthyliving.azcentral.com: Activities to Improve Dexterity




For memory 



What is Memory?

Memory is the ability to retain knowledge. The process of forming a memory involves encoding,
 storing and retrieving information. Encoding refers to process of using the senses to acquire 
 information about something and registering the information. Storage refers to the process of storing the encoded information.
  Retrieval refers to the process of getting the stored information out of storage.


Having a good memory is essential for a happy and successful life, as the quality will help you retain knowledge
 and remember information when you need it. Below is our idea of how to improve your memory
How to Improve Your Memory


References and Further Reading
The Human Memory: WHAT IS MEMORY?
mercola.com: 7 Tricks to Improve Your Memory
NDTV: How to Improve Memory Power - 10 Tips and Tricks


HowBlock = ( 



eat right
avoid multitasking to improve your ability to concentrate
work out your memory by playing games such as crossword puzzles and Sudoku
learn and practice effective stress management
sleep well daily to improve your memory consolidation and prepare your brain to learn new information
do aerobic exercises regularly
use mnemonic devices to learn and remember information


)

For multitasking 



What is Multitasking?

Multitasking is the act of doing more than one thing at the same time. 
Multitasking is applied in most cases to get more work done in less time, but can be counter-productive if not applied properly.


To be able to multitask effectively, will help you maximize your time and performance,
 and thus complete more work in less time. Below is our idea of how to multitask.


How to Multitask

References and Further Reading
lifehack.org: How To MultiTask
WikiHow: How to Multitask
Cleverism: Multitasking


HowBlock = (


be disciplined and reasonable
know the tasks before you and evaluate them to determine whether multitasking is appropriate for them
apply multitasking to tasks you are familiar with or have done before
pair up tasks you believe are compatible and can be done at the same time
avoid stress


)


Self-confidence and self control = 


404
Oops!
We can't seem to find the page you're looking for.
GO BACK HOME PAGE




Stamina  



What is Stamina?

Stamina is the resilient energy and strength that enables you to continue doing something for a long time. 
Stamina involves enduring stress when doing something and staying active for a long period of time.

Having a good level of stamina will improve your performance at the things you do, as the quality will help you maintain focus and improve
your general well being.


How to Improve your Stamina

References and Further Reading
yotrythis.com: How to Increase Physical and Mental Stamina
Wikipedia: Endurance



HowBlock = (   


live a healthy lifestyle, eat, exercise and sleep well daily
think positive thoughts about yourself to make a positive influence on your subconscious mind
develop willpower and self-discipline
train your brain to focus better
set a goal when doing an activity to give you something to aim for and focus on
have confidence in yourself and your own abilities

)



For teamwork 



What is Teamwork?

Teamwork is a cooperative effort by a group or team to achieve a goal. 
Teamwork involves two or more persons working together, supporting each other,
 applying their different skills and personalities, and sharing their insights and perspectives to achieve a goal.

Teamwork when managed properly is a better way to work.

How to Work Well in a Team

How block = (  


know and understand your team’s goals
know and understand your role in the team
appreciate the roles of other team members
be friendly, cheerful and positive
follow team instructions and rules carefully
put the interest of the team above yours
complete your assigned tasks before deadlines
ask for help from team members whenever necessary
respect, tolerate, support and motivate other team members
be ready and willing to help other team members
share your suggestions, ideas and opinions with the team
listen to and consider the ideas, suggestions and opinions of other team members
keep confidentiality and avoid gossiping about your team members

References and Further Reading
University of Waterloo: Teamwork skills
apmKNOWLEDGE: How to Increase Physical and Mental Stamina

)


Time management 



What is Time Management? 

Time management is the act or process of using time efficiently and effectively.
 Time management involves setting goals, prioritizing tasks, scheduling activities and other
  practices to help get more and better work done in less time.

To be able to manage your time effectively will help you reduce stress, increase productivity, become more successful in your work, a lot
of time management is needed.

How to Manage your Time



HowBlock = ( 


make a list of the tasks you need to complete
prioritize your tasks to focus on those that are more important
break big tasks into manageable portions
set up realistic deadlines for completing tasks
practice self-control
be positive, determined and persevering
avoid procrastination at all costs
focus on one thing at a time
deal with difficult tasks on your most productive time of day
review your list on a regular basis to adjust tasks or to add new ones
delegate work to persons you trust to be reliable
take a break to rest, relax, and rejuvenate
reward yourself for achieving difficult tasks by planning an activity you will enjoy


References and Further Reading
Psychology Today: Time Management
University of Waterloo: HOW TO MANAGE YOUR TIME EFFECTIVELY
Study Guides and Strategies: Time management




)




